#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pydantic
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   commitizen
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   isoduration
astroid==3.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
bandit==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbconvert
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbconvert
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   face
    #   glom
boolean-py==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   license-expression
boto3==1.40.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
botocore==1.40.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bracex==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   wcmatch
build==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pip-tools
cachecontrol[filecache]==0.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pip-audit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   requests
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-bom
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   commitizen
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   black
    #   click-option-group
    #   deptry
    #   maison
    #   mkdocs
    #   pip-tools
    #   yamlfix
click-option-group==0.5.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   bandit
    #   build
    #   click
    #   commitizen
    #   deptry
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
commitizen==4.8.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
coverage[toml]==7.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
cyclonedx-bom==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-py
cyclonedx-py==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
cyclonedx-python-lib[validation]==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-bom
    #   pip-audit
decli==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   commitizen
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbconvert
    #   py-serializable
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
deptry==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
distlib==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ruyaml
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pipreqs
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   stack-data
face==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   glom
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   virtualenv
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs
glom==22.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sqlalchemy
hvac==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
identify==2.6.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   commitizen
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest
ipython==8.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pipreqs
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   commitizen
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format]==4.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbconvert
license-expression==30.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
maison==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   yamlfix
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs
mkdocstrings==0.30.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cachecontrol
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pipreqs
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyright
numpy==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
packageurl-python==0.17.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-bom
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   black
    #   build
    #   commitizen
    #   cyclonedx-bom
    #   deptry
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pip-audit
    #   pip-requirements-parser
    #   pipdeptree
    #   pytest
    #   requirements-parser
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   stevedore
peewee==3.18.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
pika==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pip-api==0.0.34
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pip-audit
pip-audit==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pip-requirements-parser==32.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-bom
    #   pip-audit
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pipdeptree==2.28.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pipreqs==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pip-audit
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
pre-commit==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prettier==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
    #   questionary
protobuf==4.25.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   googleapis-common-protos
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   stack-data
py-serializable==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   yamlfix
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pylint==3.3.8
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pymdown-extensions==10.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pip-requirements-parser
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyright==1.1.403
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pywin32==311
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   bandit
    #   commitizen
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pre-commit
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs
pyzmq==27.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jupyter-client
questionary==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   commitizen
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   hvac
    #   pip-audit
    #   yarg
requirements-parser==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   deptry
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
rich==13.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   bandit
    #   pip-audit
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.12.8
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ruyaml==0.91.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   yamlfix
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   cyclonedx-python-lib
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.42
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   bandit
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   commitizen
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   bleach
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   maison
    #   pip-audit
tomli==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   commitizen
    #   pylint
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250809
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyright
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pydantic
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pre-commit
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs
wcmatch==8.5.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   deprecated
yamlfix==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
yarg==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pipreqs
zipp==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
